doc(events): add constraint to event handlers implementation (#1344)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/event-handlers.md

**Note:** For Enterprise, Performance, Efficiency, and Teamwork editions only.
:::

> Event handlers can help in adding new features to the Platform. You can use it to call your own services when specific events
> happens like a case starts, or a user submit a task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Event handlers can help in adding new features to the Platform. You can use them to call your own services when specific events
happen like when a case starts, or when a user submits a task.
```

At the end of this page there is a list of all the events.

## Constraints

The platform executes events handlers synchronously at the exact moment the related entity is updated, therefore it executes 
it in the same thread and same transaction that the one executing the element.

It means that:
* Events handlers should never block, i.e. no network call, no I/O on the filesystem.

> * Events handlers should never throw exception, if it does, the related element execution will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Events handlers should never throw exception, if it does, the related element execution will fail, meaning that the transaction is rolled back and the task (for instance) goes to the failed state, which is generally NOT what one wants.
```
